JavaScript classes lesson: Remove Ruby mentions, update knowledge check link (#28035)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/classes.md

### Introduction

> JavaScript does *not* have classes in the same sense as other Object Oriented languages like Java. ES6, however, *did* introduce a syntax for object creation that uses the `class` keyword. It is basically a new syntax that does the *exact* same thing as the object constructors and prototypes we learned about in the constructor lesson.

Reviewer: I actually think this particular mention is fine, especially accounting for the next comments

```suggestion
JavaScript does *not* have classes in the same sense as other object-oriented languages like Java or Ruby. ES6, however, *did* introduce a syntax for object creation that uses the `class` keyword. It is basically a new syntax that does the *exact* same thing as the object constructors and prototypes we learned about in the constructor lesson.
```

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

- Describe the pros and cons of using classes in JavaScript.

> - Briefly discuss how JavaScript's object creation differs from a language like Java.

Reviewer: What do you think about rewording to the following or something similar? I think the LO and KC items would be better in a mire general frame. The current wording makes it feel like the point is to compare to Java, whereas the article in the KC part only uses Java as an example and focuses more on "JS is different to other things altogether"
```suggestion
- Briefly discuss how JavaScript's object creation differs from other object-oriented programming languages.
```

The following questions are an opportunity to reflect on key topics in this lesson. If you can't answer a question, click on it to review the material, but keep in mind you are not expected to memorize or master this knowledge.

- [Describe the pros and cons of using classes in JavaScript.](https://rajaraodv.medium.com/is-class-in-es6-the-new-bad-part-6c4e6fe1ee65)

> - [How does JavaScript's object creation differ from a language like Java?](https://rajaraodv.medium.com/is-class-in-es6-the-new-bad-part-6c4e6fe1ee65#e6b3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How does JavaScript's object creation differ from other object-oriented programming languages?](https://rajaraodv.medium.com/is-class-in-es6-the-new-bad-part-6c4e6fe1ee65#e6b3)
```
